Increased max Verifiable Credential size in Compose DB (#32)
rarimo/rarime: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [2.0.2] - 2024-02-01
### Added

> - `@rarimo/rarime` - Ceramic migrations and preparing models script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `@rarimo/rarime`:
  - Migration to a Ceramic model with increased Verifiable Credential size;
  - Ceramic model preparation script;
```

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [2.0.2] - 2024-02-01
### Added
- `@rarimo/rarime`:

>   - Migration to a Ceramic model with increased Verifiable Credential size;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Migration to a Compose DB model with increased Verifiable Credential size;
```

>   - Ceramic model preparation script;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Compose DB model preparation script;
```
